I attended preschool next to the house that inspired Gone with the Wind, yet my own experience is much broader.  After the civil war, land was provided to former slaves in our surrounding Grant Park - Summerhill community, which is now one of Atlanta's fastest growing village centers.

My great-great-grandparents were resourceful first-generation merchants and builders. Some hauled and restored homes as Lake Hartwell rose in South Carolina, others started furniture and grocery store chains in Grand Rapids, Michigan, while others formed unions in Detroit and provided trappers with clothing and supplies in northern Canada.

My parents have focused their careers on socially-oriented causes from a creative and technology perspective, I'm equally comfortable with computer science and publication design....

I love genealogy and anthropology. My ancestry places me firmly on the side of the NATO countries leading the current war efforts, with relatives from Ukraine, Poland, Germany, the Netherlands, France, England, Scotland and Ireland. I feel a strong passion for creating lasting peace.

I love to design model communities (in SIMS) and enjoy participating in projects that improve day-to-day lives in our south Atlanta communities, along with environmentally focused work  with our area parks, zoo and animal shelters.

My approach to art is very meticulous. I've loved to create intricate mandala patterns from a young age and I'm especially attuned to colors and their use in design. Specifically, I love design that incorporates artifacts from historic periods, old photography and antique postcards that connect the viewer to distant places.

We're on the edge of rapid technology change - as images generated by A.I. become animated films and navigable 3D spaces, the opportunities for education are endless. The use of video for training both humans and A.I. is changing the ease with which we can visualize and convey concepts, design spaces, train students, and experience art.